[Music]
perfume 2006 explained
the film's story starts in the prison
where a chained prisoner is shown
the coming soldiers open the prisoner
and they take the prisoner to the
balcony while dragging
here all the citizens are seen screaming
and calling him a murderer and a bloody
beast
jayla asks a guard to announce his
punishment
in front of the crowd god announces that
court has declared his punishment of
hanging after two days
but before hanging the executioner will
break his hands and feet
and all people are thrilled with
excitement hearing it
at last who is that killer let's see
now the story reverses a few years ago
where we see a view of paris fish market
which was the most stinking place of the
city
people used to earn their bread and
butter selling fish and meat
here we see a fish seller lady who
breeds a dead child
and this lady had also bred four dead
children before and she kicks them into
the stream with the rotten fish
but she gave birth a live child now but
thinking him dead
she also throws him into a stream
now the child weeps due to the odious
smell of rotten fish
standing people there catch the sight of
this child and curse his mother
this child is the same prisoner who was
announced punishment
his name was jean he possessed two
qualities
firstly he has such nose having a
perfect sense of smell
and secondly if someone leaves him that
person was dead somehow
as his mother who had thrown him after
his birth is sentenced to death
and jean is sent to orphanage of madame
gullout who used to foster the children
only for the sake of money
but the children in orphanage feel
insecurity taking their importance so
they try to kill
gene but gull out saves him coming there
and beats those children
facing difficulties in orphanage gene is
unable to utter a word
for five years but using his sense of
smell
he knows about everything due to the
short capacity in orphanage
gullout sells him to the collector of
animals skins at his
13 years old as jean leaves from there
some thieves kill gull out stealing all
her money
the buyer of gene takes hard work from
gene
and he also takes him to the city where
coming out from oda jean first time
takes the taste of the wonderful world
and sense
leaving luggage jean is attracted to a
perfume shop seeing it
he looks at a shopkeeper holding a very
famous perfume
and at the same time he smells another
scent coming from a fruit seller girl
he is enchanted to her that girl offers
him fruit taking him hungry but gene
catches the hand of her
on it she leaves the place feeling fear
but jean finds her using his sense of
smell
he sits at the backside of her the girl
suspects of someone's presence at her
back sid
and she shouts in fear but jean presses
her mouth to avoid the people
attention so the people may not gather
there
as the people leave jean removes the
from the mouth of girl putting her dead
and her scent is gone gradually leaving
jean astonished
where will the scent dissolve now let's
talk of another character who was the
great perfumer of the city of paris
and his job had gone down with the
arrival of of new perfumers in the city
he used to imitate the other perfumers
at the same evening jean visits his shop
for the delivery of the goatskin
and he looks at the variety of perfumes
there sensing the smell of baldini's
body
jean says that he can made such perfume
for him
and baldini makes fun of him gene tells
him about the power of his ability
baldini gives him a chance making
perfumes
gene gives them to baldini who senses
the smell of amer in them
this perfume was the most famous so
baldini
is left astonished seeing it jean
ensures him that he can also make best
ever perfumes
sensing its smell baldini misses his
beloved
he has got much talent now baldini buys
gene from grimmel
at the same night drunkard grimmell is
dead falling into a stream
baldini and his perfumes get popularity
in the whole paris because of gene
and he teaches gene about his own
methods of making perfumes
he tells jean every perfume has three
sets in which each consists
four cents it means total sensor 12
which can be differentiated by human
beings easily
otherwise no existed man in this world
can match this perfume if someone makes
13th perfume
jean becomes emotional about it thinking
he will be able to make
it and he asks baldini to teach its
process
promising to give its best method
throughout the world
baldini tells the process of adding 10
flowers into the bottle according to his
designed machine
which he had learnt it before coming in
paris
one day baldini finds gene weeping
as baldini asks the reason gene calls
him a liar saying that his told method
is unsuccessful and old
i could not capture the iron and glass
into a bottle
after baldini's incident jean loses his
conscious
now baldini is got worried thinking
about the loss of fame as gene falls ill
jean asks the other processes from
baldini and he tells him to extract
perfume from the fat of animals skin
valdini orders him to go to grass he
takes 1 000
formulas in return gene learns the work
going
to grass as baldini sends him from there
as jean leaves baldini's house is dashed
out into dust putting him into death
going to grass jean first time realizes
the sense of freedom
he was the slave of no one and could
take his own decisions
now there are two ways which lead to
grass one leads through village while
other is through mountain
now he begins to go through mountains on
the way
he observes a cave where he stays for
rest
he sleeps peacefully spending many days
there and once he dreams of that fruit
seller girl
awaking in confusion gene begins to
smell his body but does not feel
his own body smell while showering in
rain outside
he realizes that he has not his own
smell
next morning he leads to grass he senses
the same fruit seller girl's perfume
he sees a prettiest girl getting off the
carriage
seeing he pursues her and comes to grass
following this girl he enters a palace
which owns to a richest person riches
and the beautiful girl laura is his
daughter
who was the most beautiful girl in grass
jean works here under a lady whose
husband keeps a strict eye on jean
living in their company jean learns the
two ways to extract perfume from animals
fat
he applies first method over his female
co-worker
he boils the girl's dead body in a tank
with animals fat but he cannot achieve
success
in second process he takes a street
walker in which he uses animals fat
glossing on a cloth
killing her jean shaves her head
and glossing her dead body he wraps it
into a cloth
and he becomes successful while
extracting perfume from that cloth
according to told method of baldini
which he applies on streetwalker's pet
dog for checking
then he makes a set of 13 bottles told
by baldini
it means the murder of a person for each
bottle
at laura's birthday party all girls and
boys play their hide and seek
finding chants jean also arrives there
and attacks laura
but she is survived and twin girls in
the party are disappeared
now we know that jean makes first two
bottles of set killing these two girls
and both girls dead bodies are seen
floating in the water which is under the
bridge of city
after it the chain of girls murders
begin in the whole city
and frightened people start to lock
their outside doors of houses in order
to save the daughters
but gene prepares the 12 sets of bottle
and mix all into a big bottle
now he needs one more bottle to make
perfect perfume
it means the murder of laura observing
riches says that all victim girls were
young with no mark of seduction on their
body
this murderer has killed them for a
reason all people visit in the church
for help and church's father agrees to
help
coming there a man informs about being
caught of that murderer
all people are filled with joy hearing
it riches
does not believe on this news worrying
about his daughter
he decides to leave grass or escapes
with his daughter next day
jean senses the smell of going laura
from city
following her he finds her with his
ability
on the other side streetwalkers dog
detects the hair and clothe of its owner
lady in jean's room
which is known by drut who was the
co-worker with jean
investigations of police discover the
clothes and hair of other girls
richard stays the whole night in a hotel
with his daughter laura and keeps the
keys of her daughter's room in his own
room
jean steals the key from his room going
to laura's room
next day coming in laura's room richard
sweeps bitterly finding laura's dead
body
now jean makes the 13th bottle mixing it
into his final bottle and becomes
successful
now jean is arrested by police story
again begins where the punishment is
being announced after two days
people come to see the end of jean
remotely
as they bring him out from the prison
finding chance
gene opens the lid bottle as the people
stand for the weight of gene
he moves to the executioner coming out
from the carriage as a prince
executioner kneels down and calls gene
blameless while weeping
now gene also sprinkles perfume on a
handkerchief and all people feel the
taste of heaven as he waves it in the
air
and all call him an angel gene takes
himself the savior of mankind
and he throws his handkerchief among the
people
and within a time all people starts
making love without any discrimination
of younger
elder poor rich black white etc
observing this gene feels the true love
he misses that fruit seller girl he
thinks that loving her as such
he could make her own thinking it
he is saddened and starts weeping
suddenly
riches reaches there holding a sword in
his hand to murder gene
but the magic of perfume also makes him
uncontrollable
bending down at his feet he asks
forgiveness
jean realizes his mistake he departs the
city
later the effect of perfume is
disappeared among the citizens
now gene moves to his birthplace fish
market
ringing out the perfume bottle from his
pocket he pours over him
noticing this all sitting people there
are inclined on him due to the effect of
perfume tearing him
in this way jean's life is ended the end
thanks for watching like comment and
subscribe don't forget to hit the bell
icon